im not racist, but i kinda agree...
I'm not racist, but I like drinking alcohol. 
"I'm not racist, but I've never had good soul food cooked by a white person."
Now, I'm not racist, but did you get a haircut? 
I'm not racist, but that's not a sentence.
I'm not racist, but that's a good comment.
I'm not racist, but I prefer 5-milers to 5k's.
I'm surprised "I'm not racist, but" isn't up near the top. 
I think there's a guy around my way who looks pretty similar to you.  I'll try to take a photo next time I see a dude with dreads.
I'm not racist, but you people all look the same to me!
I'm not racist, but, I joined the KKK because I was told the would be punch and pie.
"Now, I'm not racist, but according to Fox News, the Bible says I shouldn't vaccinate my kids"
"I'm not racist, but-"
  Oh boy...
I'm not racist, but I enjoy eating icecream
"I'm not racist, but that's because I hate all people equally."
I am not racist, but fuck the "protesters". These people are out of control, and it seems they're just using this riot as an excuse to kill, hurt and vandalize. They are worthless animals.
lol I live in NY so I only listen to 660 rarely, I didnt know there was this much hate. Every caller starts with; "im not racist, but..."
I'm not racist, but Whites have a long history of thuggery and rioting.
I have a pretty low opinion of his point, as I suspect it's rooted in a "I'm not racist, but" statement.
Yeah, their slogan, "Not racist, but #1 with racists," should really now be shortened to just, "#1 with racists."
This is easily the most eloquent "I'm not racist, but..." statements I've ever read. 
"I'm not racist, but..." is almost always /r/iamverysmart material.
&gt;We do not believe in censoring expression. However...
It's like "I'm not racist, but..."
I'm not racist, but all of these characters look the same to me.
EDIT:  Okay, got to the last minute, and...  What the fuck.
&gt;I'm not racist, but [something racist]
Putting "I'm not racist" in front of something isn't a ticket to being as racist as you want.
&gt;I'm not anti-semitic, I just hate Jews
&gt;I'm not sexist, I just hate women
&gt;Not racist, but
This post is off to a great start.
Ah, race realism. Because it's not racist if it is asserted that your racial inferiority is a biological reality.
"I'm not racist, but blacks are inferior."
I'm not racist, but I like talking in extremely stereotypical accents to make fun of Italians. Again, not racist. I have Italian friends. Not racist.
I am 100% not racist, but yall see all the brothas standing in bay? Dats. Not. Racist. It's a fact. Some stereotypes are stereotypes cause they tru!
So why don't you treat us with a few examples of your reasoning against immigration? You are telling us it is definitely not racist, but maybe we can decide for ourselves what we think?
I'm not racist, but that girl is beautiful. Hopefully the cat hair matches the dress.
It's not racist, but it is discriminatory. But that doesn't harm white people.
I'm not racist, but I like coffee!
I'm not racist, but... [insert racist remark here]
"I'm not racist, but I think I love you..."
"...Harold, you're white. I'm white. How can you be racist?"
"I just murdered a black man."
I'm not racist, but I think ill post a loaded question on Reddit asking people to make racist statements.
"I'm not racist, but I think therefore I am"
"I'm not racist, but I think Nascar is alright."
The guns are not racist, but those bullets have made a few off color remarks in the past. 
I'm not racist, but like ... cops kill white people too.
I sincerely hope they're just trolling. All of the white people I know in real life are not racist, but it seems white people on social media have no fear about showing their true colors.
"Homer pick, but...", the "I'm not racist, but..." of sports
&gt; I don't want to be rude, but...
Bro he put this at the beginning. It's like saying, "I'm not racist, but..." It totally makes whatever you say after it ok!
I've put this one up a few times before, but here's Fox News' take on the issue-
http://youtu.be/0af-RiRDoGk
Fox News- "Not racist, but #1 with racists!"
Wildrose: not racist, but number one with racists
I'm not racist, but as a christian mother and comcast employee, I don't understand why all of these black people are downvoting me. 
"We are NOT racist, but if you were to ask yourself what a racist person would say, do, and believe... well then, I guess it's just a big ol' coincidence."
I'd love to racially micro-agress him, just to see what he does.
I'm not racist, but I do love a bit of racism to spice things up.
I'm not racist, but burritos are more filling than quesadillas.
I'm not racist, but why are you the way you are?
Who was the comedian that said we should start following "I'm not racist, but..." with random things, so that it actually is a true statement?  (Ex: I'm not racist but, this steak is perfectly seasoned!)  Maybe that's what this guy is doing.
That's not a "no."
I'm not racist, but I heard vampires are actually worse than gingers. 
Depends on the context. Saying someone is black is not racist, but saying don't hire them they are black is racist.
I had to take a break from Reddit during the Baltimore riots, because the blatant racism exhausted me. Every thread was, "I'm not racist, but..." Followed by some obviously racist comment. 
Not racist, but the newer song "God gave us families" is plenty sexist with its gender role verses.  I mean c'mon, it's 2015 - not 1955.
I'm not racist, but to everyone I talk to, I am because I tell them that stats are stats. Numbers don't lie.
Honestly, when it started being a thing, it seemed half decent. Then the, "I'm not racist, but..." Crowd came in and thought the joke was something else entirely and coopted the entire thing.
[Not Racist, but #1 With Racists.](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/221265/SIMPSONSFOXNEWS.jpg)
FOX NEWS: NOT RACIST, BUT #1 WITH RACISTS
And a lot of "I'm not racist, but..."
My grandma is racist, but believes she isn't. "I'd rather have the immigrants go back to their own countries. I'm not racist, but it's just that 90% of the immigrants commit vandalism and I don't like vandalism."
I don't know, Nigel Farage would fuck us over faster than he could say 'I'm not racist, but...'.
The "cyclo de mayo" is not racist, but it's controversial *because* of racism.  There is a difference between how things should be (it's a great harmless idea) and how they really are (it's touching on a few people's social sensitivities.  
Not racist, but #1 with racists.
They are a protofascist party IMO.
&gt;Not racist, but #1 with racists.
And the Conservatives are all Pedophiles...
&gt;They are a protofascist party IMO.
What policy of theirs make you say this? Are you sure your not just regurgitating the smear campaign against them?
What about the statistics that show racist people typically have a substantially lower IQ? Then you'll probably just say you're not racist, but your IQ would beg to differ. 
I'm not racist, but I'm *totally* racist. 
The Kermit tea meme is the worst.  Always gets used by some bitching MRA or an "I'm not racist, but" ass
Not racist, but a fucking idiot.
You're not racist, but you're going to be very confused if you ever need to measure liquor.
I'm not racist, but I do hate jews.
Many many things have achieved by multicultural workforces. They may or may not have liked each.
Also. I concede that there are many who are enlightened and not racist, but unfortunately the majority at least mistrust eachother.
It's like saying "Now I'm not racist, but...".
It's either racist, in which case fuck you, or it's not, in which case why are you playing the "my opinion is unpopular so I'll prepare myself for losing imaginary points this way!" card.
I'm not racist, but Fabregas is running around and doing whatever the duck he wants. 
I'm not racist, but I'm pretty sure he slipped
The "I'm not racist, but, blacks should go die" guy?
I'm not racist, but... no, I've never done that.
I'm not racist, but do any of you guys know what time it is? 
not racist, but he does hate on nationalities.  there is no french race, he just hates on them
"Not Racist, But No 1 with Racists."
It's like saying "I'm not racist, but..."
I'm not racist, but it sure is windy today.
Isn't the new thing? "I'm not racist, but these rioters seem awfully [insert skin color] to me!" 
"There is nothing wrong with fandoms, except with those that I don't like."
Kind of reminds me of "I'm not racist, BUT..."
I'm not trying to win an argument, but thanks for the rhetorical advice.  Due respect, you sound pompous and patronizing.  Beginning with "you make good points here" may as well be "I'm not racist, but..."  
Shamefully, speaking as a Tumblr user, there are a ton of tumblr users that have the same logic as "I'm not racist, but... [racist thing here]". Feels a lot more than the usual than irony.
This lady will sit around at a dinner party with her friends and say, "Now, I'm not racist, but..."
Haha, yeah I'll file that under, "I'm not racist, but..."
/r/worldnews
That sub should just automatically begin any post with "I'm not racist, but..."
"I'm not racist, but I hate black people"
&gt; It's interesting that minority races feel the need to justify their discrimination in terms other than the obvious word "racism"
Why? white racists do the exact same think aka "I'm not racist, but"
I'm not racist, but I don't get your username.
I'll agree he's clearly not racist, but I mean the guy talked about reading The Secret and thinks he can eat bad stuff and instead of poop it makes positive stuff?  It's just as corny.
Not racist, but No.1 with racists.
Nobody has said that and followed it up with something that wasn't racist. Im gonna start saying that and following it up with random stuff like "Im not racist, but I really can believe it's not butter"
I'm not racist, but that sweater looks really nice on you.
I'm not racist, but I sure am hungry. 
Im not racist, but I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance.
Demitri Martin - [I'm not racist, but...](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/gj6xhf/stand-up-demetri-martin--not-racist)
Saying "I can't be racist" is pretty much like starting a discussion with I'm not racist, but" it almost guarantees the speaker is a racist otherwise they wouldn't need to preface their comments. 
&gt;~~Not racist, but~~ No.1 with racists.
FTFY
I'm not racist, but I only own black socks.
It's true.
Well im not sure if it's for most of the US or i was just mis-informed, But when i visited US from the UK the word Pakki is not racist, but its racist in the UK
I'm not racist, but I am in favor of segregating the whites and the coloreds...and washing separately
"I can't be racist, because" is the new "I'm not racist, but".
[I'm not racist, but...](http://explosm.net/comics/3408/)
"I'm not racist, but I don't believe in the mixing of the races."
Most likely to start a sentence with "I'm not racist, but..."
Anything racist or sexist. For example, any sentence that starts with, "I'm not racist, but...", or something like, "Men can't be raped."
I'm not racist, but I really like your shoes
"I'm not racist, but men can't be raped." O.O
"I'm not racist, but Oprah's okay with me."
Yeah, it is.  But it's cool, just add the old "I'm not racist, but..." to your comments and you are covered. 
You should start your comment with "I'm not racist, but..."
Most of those animals, where children. 
Yeah, not racist, but definitely insulting lol
"I'm not racist, but all the black people are leaving"
My country is generally not racist, but we are xenophobic to an extent. Especially with the influx of cheap foreign labour from China and Asia.
The Republican Party: Not Racist, But #1 With Racists!
Anything my boss says. A recent gem: "Now I'm not racist, but whenever I turn on the TV all I see is blacks making white people look dumb. It's on every channel! I just don't know what the world has come to." 
"I'm not racist, but I think black people are thugs and talk funny!"
Later...
"Affirmative action is the real racism!"
It felt on the same level as the "I'm not racist, but here are statistics stripped of their context that prove black people are inferior" comments I see around the internet.  
Reads like they should have started with "I'm not racist, but"
Not racist, but a good way to remember is black=negative. I'm not proud of how I remember.
Now I'm not racist, but my preference is for white/latina girls. I never go for black girls.
But damn. 8.5-9.0/10 for you. 
No offense, but you basically took what everyone says about "I'm not racist, but" and tried to transfer it to this saying, when it's not the same thing. 
That's not how he said it. He says:
"I'm not racist, but you look great today.
That's wasn't racist at all.
I know, I said I'm *not* racist. You never listen. Typical Mexican."
Why did you add "fucking" to it?
Keep calm and I'm not racist, but...
I'm not racist, but cross country &gt; track.
I'm not racist, but i love cheese.
"I'm not racist, but... (followed by something incredibly racist)"
It's like dude, you're only going to continue to perpetuate your views and agendas, so why even start your sentences like that? It still makes you sound like an asshole.
Just once, I'd like to see someone say "I'm not racist, but..." and then say something that isn't fucking racist
["I'm not racist, but..."](http://imgur.com/AiEsegp)
I'm not racist, but women are stupid and I don't respect them
"I'm not racist, but (something racist)"
No offense, but [insert something offensive].
I'm not racist, but [insert something racist].
"I can't be racist, because..."    It's the new "I'm not racist, but..."
"I support gay marriage, but -something incredibly homophobic-."
I'm not racist, but...
Is this similar to "I'm not racist, but..."?
"I wasn't offended, but..." is the new "I'm not racist, but..."
I'm not racist, but white people need to address the violence in their culture. I don't hate white people, but their thug culture glorifies violence.
"I'm not racist, but..."
Cue a remark that is almost certainly racist.
Having coffee with some coworkers.  "I'm not racist, but I fucking hate the _______" 
"I'm not racist, but.." "I'm not homophobic, but..." 
Saying you arent judging anyone or picking a fight doesnt actually mean youre not judging anyone or picking a fight. Its like saying "I'm not racist, but..."
&gt; My statement was a an assumption
That's why I called you on it. I reckon that "*Most people...*" is a lot like "*I'm not racist, but...*" - they're both unreliable statements! :-)
Peruvians in dota 2. I don't normally speak like this, and I'm not racist, but some Peruvians are the embodiment of cancer in dota 2. They can single handed lay ruin an entire game start to finish 
I was meeting a good friend's new boyfriend for the first time, and he said to me: "I'm not racist, but why do all black people smell like that?"
Such a charmer. 
I'm not racist, but I have not actually met a single Indian person I wanted to be friends with, despite trying to meet an Indian person to be friends with. Those middle eastern cats are cool as fuck generally though.
Anytime someone prefaces a statement with "I'm not racist, but..." and proceeds to say the most racist thing I've ever heard.
&gt;  You are the weird ones. Now how you run your own country is your own business
"I'm not racist, but..."
"No offense, but..."
The calling card of a dick.
"Her body, her choice, but..." is the female equivalent of saying "I'm not racist, but..." and then saying something horribly racist. And you succeeded in your sexism, way to go!
I'm not racist, but it sure seems like a lot of crimes in America are committed by Americans.
Your comment just had a very disingenuous tone to it. "I care deeply about these people's feelings, but they deserve mockery and ridicule'"
It's the same basic sentence structure as "I'm not racist, but [something racist]"
&gt;"I'm all for the second amendment."
...is followed by a statement that's for the 2nd amendment about as often as
"I'm not racist, but"
is followed by a message of peace and tolerance.
I bet Hitler would describe himself as "I am not racist, but...."
I'm not racist, but I'd never date a two dimensional grey silhouette 
either a stormfront wall of statistics, or "I'm not racist, but..."
It's just like how a white kid who shoots someone is mentally ill, but a black kid who shoots someone is a violent hoodlum. Hell, a black kid who *gets shot* is still a violent hoodlum
&gt; And also, you preface it all with "I won't pretend to know..." and then follow it up by clearly pretending to know (and not knowing), even going as far as to say it's "proven".
This
Sounds like starting a post with "I'm not racist, but..."
Haha! "I'm not racist, but that sure is a nice hat you're got there"
Just making sure everyone knows.
I mean im not racist, but black people are the worst ever.  I think this guy just got what he deserved for being black.
Edit: cant tell if being downvoted by racist, or if you guys dont understand incredibly thick sarcasm
I'm not racist, but ze jews aren't humans
"I'm not racist, but &lt;something obviously racist&gt;."
"I have a gay friend, so I can't be homophobic.  But &lt;something homophobic&gt;."
You should trust someone by their actions, not their words.
I'm not racist, but that sweater you wear looks great!
All compliments and expressions of gratitude must be preceded by "I'm not racist, but"
I said to my friend once 'I'm not racist, but can you pass me a beer.'
He said 'that's not racist'.
I said 'I know, that's why I said i'm not racist. You never listen. Typical Mexican'
Not my joke but it always makes me laugh.
I'm not racist, buttttttttt.....
I'm not racist, but what are your thoughts on abortion?
Probably. Without being party to the conversation, it's hard to tell whether there is a problem, but people contradict themselves all the time. Like every time someone says "I'm not racist, but (proceeds to say something racist)."
I'm not racist, but I think blue cheese is kind of weird.
I'm not racist, but I don't think there's really a difference between coke and pepsi.
I'm not racist, but for me nothing beats a nice infected whitey, with a nice base of inflated red skin around it.
The ones you just KNOW are gonna get some splatt on the mirror. 
"I'm not racist, but those nigger apes blah blah blah" I don't see any racism at all. 
It is the condescending and patronizing version of "I'm not racist, but...". Basically it is so they can provide a declaration of some thing they think EVERYBODY cares about and be patronizing at the same time.
How did he not bust out laughing?  "I'm not racist, but you're acting like a nigger" .  Bitch is nuts.
Hence the usage of narrative "you".
It's the "not racist, but" of antisemitism.
The fact that you feel the need to express your distaste for Israel at the same time as you declare that you do not hate Jews as a whole is itself anti-Semitic. It's comparable to White people who say, "I'm not racist, but..."
- I'm not racist, but...followed by something racist.
- Don't get offended...followed by something offensive.
- Don't take this the wrong way...followed by something they know will piss me off.
You can't really say "no offense" and then shit on someone.
That's like saying "I'm not racist, but have you ever noticed how all black people do _______?"
You don't get a free pass just because you threw in a disclaimer. 
Illegal immigrants should be sent back to Africa. I am not racist, but there is a reason for the distinction between legal and illegal immigrants. Immigrants are a burden to a nation.
&gt;Guess what follows immediately after this statement?
I'm not racist, but...
I think they fall into the same category as "I'm not racist, but..."-people.
I'm not racist, but I do that on pages I run all the time.  Usually multiple people run a page and sometimes I see something someone else posted and comment on it but I forget to switch it back to my facebook account.
Im not racist, but i dont think racist ppl consider them racist. Theyre just so ignorant.
Im not racist, but 1ply and 2ply toilet paper can fuck off. Why someone would buy tp like that is beyond me. Its butthole torture. 
"I'm not racist, but I will re-iterate the race of the perpetrators many times for emphasis."
I'm not racist, but muffins are delicious!
"I'm not racist, but..."
"But you're gonna power through it anyway"
So many comments beginning with "I'm not racist, BUT..."
I'm not racist, but all those blacks make the same shit. Beetles and Nirvana are the only good music.
It's the medical equivalent of "I am not racist, but.."
No particular topics, but...
"I'm not racist, but..."
"I'm not homophobic, but..."
Nope. I've already stopped listening.
"I'm not racist, but..."
 mine was a joke
The same reason that a lot of people are not racist, but will never let a black person date their daughter.
Hypocrisy is second only to stupidity as things all humans have
This is not racist, but somewhat narrow-minded, I think. Cultural diversity is not why things are more likely to get stolen in other parts of the world. 
like a bit from some simpsons episode in reference to fox news:  "Not racist, but #1 with racists"
I don't think anarcho-capitalist philosophies are inherently racist, but BOY is there some crossover in that venn diagram.
I mean technically my great great grandmother was Cherokee or something. So you're not racist, but accurate. Coincidentally 1974 is one of my parent's birth years. So once again you are approximately right. You're clearly a god. 
IMO it's like Libertarianism.
"I'm not racist, but I 100% support your right to be racist."
"I'm not racist, but this guy is really, really black.  Like, Mr. Popo black."
Dude, he's like 8.
Also I have you tagged as " 'I'm not racist, but...' " and I keep running into you being a dick to people. Go figure.
right? It's the new, "I'm not racist, but...", or "I have a black spouse/child/relative/friend/etc, so I can't be racist."
20 variations of *I'm not racist, but*
"I'm not racist, but I do discriminate based on skin color."
Not racist, but it could cause some confusion.
I like to use it for fun, like I recently said "I'm not racist, but when I buy a pack of pens I expect them to all be the same color"
Fair enough.  It just seems like everything I read the comments here on a news story everybody seems so glad that another kid is dead. It sucks.  Maybe its not racist, but that how it always feels to me.
Had a friend say something similar "I'm not racist, but have you ever noticed that all Indian people are assholes?" I still see him every once in a while but we aren't as close as we were before. Which I admit was for other reasons. 
Reminds me of people that say "As a mother," or "I'm not racist, but,"
Just inconsequential statements that give the false illusion that their opinion holds more authority than anyone else's.
They aren't subtle, they're just not as straightforward. You'll never hear the phrase "I'm not racist, but..." In the south.
Still good to keep in mind. It's the first cousin of "I'm not racist, but..."
I'm not racist, but I couldn't help noticing that all of the humans were black except for the one white guy.
I'm not racist, but I wish for immigrants to be able to enjoy a healthy, stable work and life.